### Errunds (Household Task Outsourcing Platform)

## What is the setting and history behind this project?
Nowadays, people are just becoming so much busy and lack the time to do some household tasks. As outsourcing becomes more prevalent for different areas of laborand more providers are becoming available, the cost of hired labor becomes cheaper. Time is of the essence and if certain tasks can be done by others for you ata quality level, then you can spend your precious time with things that matter the most. What is the problem to be addressed?Just because there are people who can do work for you, it does not mean that you go right away and hire them. Things to consider are if they are trustworthy, reliable and provide quality work. It would be great if there are testimonies, ratings that we can based our decision on whether to hire this person or not. Having access to these workers and being able to connect with them would definitely help a lot.What are some current approaches to this problem?The most common approach to this problem is asking a friend for a recommendation from someone that they have already hired. Knowing that someone you know can vouch for the worker gives you a sense of security and peace that the job will be accomplished with quality and that safety will not be much of a concern.Why is this problem worth solving?Time is very valuable and limited. As individuals, we would like as much as possible to make good use of this resource and allocate it to things that matter to us the most. However, because we can only be in one place at one time, we are unable to do all the things that we need to do and so that is where we prioritize which ones matter to us the most. Having someone do other tasks for us while we focus on the important ones helps us to accomplish everything that we need.What is the goal of this project?The goal of this project is to connect people who need help with their tasks with workers who are skilled and trustworthy in doing those tasks.

## What are the defining features and benefits of this product?
-Users are able to view the list of workers that can do certain tasks. -Users get to see the rating of each worker based on feedback from other users who have already hired them. -Users can book an appointment online.-Users can check availability of workers ScopeOur focus would be the basic prototype of the web application excluding features that would be necessary for full implementation in an actual business setting.